{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff16\deflang1033\deflangfe1031{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}{\f16\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Liberation Serif{\*\falt Times New Roman};}
{\f17\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Liberation Sans{\*\falt Arial};}{\f20\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f21\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f23\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\f24\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f25\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f26\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f27\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}{\f29\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}
{\f30\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f31\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f32\fmodern\fcharset238\fprq1 Courier New CE;}{\f33\fmodern\fcharset204\fprq1 Courier New Cyr;}{\f35\fmodern\fcharset161\fprq1 Courier New Greek;}
{\f36\fmodern\fcharset162\fprq1 Courier New Tur;}{\f37\fmodern\fcharset186\fprq1 Courier New Baltic;}{\f116\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Liberation Serif CE{\*\falt Times New Roman};}
{\f117\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Liberation Serif Cyr{\*\falt Times New Roman};}{\f119\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Liberation Serif Greek{\*\falt Times New Roman};}{\f120\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Liberation Serif Tur{\*\falt Times New Roman};}
{\f121\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Liberation Serif Baltic{\*\falt Times New Roman};}{\f122\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Liberation Sans CE{\*\falt Arial};}{\f123\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Liberation Sans Cyr{\*\falt Arial};}
{\f125\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Liberation Sans Greek{\*\falt Arial};}{\f126\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Liberation Sans Tur{\*\falt Arial};}{\f127\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Liberation Sans Baltic{\*\falt Arial};}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;
\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\adjustright \f16\lang1031\kerning1 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{
\s15\sb240\sa120\keepn\nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs28\lang1031 \sbasedon0 \snext16 \'dcdcberschrift;}{\s16\sa140\sl288\slmult1\nowidctlpar\adjustright \f16\lang1031 \sbasedon0 \snext16 Textk\'f6f6rper;}{\s17\sa140\sl288\slmult1\nowidctlpar\adjustright 
\f16\lang1031 \sbasedon16 \snext17 List;}{\s18\sb120\sa120\nowidctlpar\noline\adjustright \i\f16\lang1031 \sbasedon0 \snext18 caption;}{\s19\nowidctlpar\noline\adjustright \f16\lang1031 \sbasedon0 \snext19 Verzeichnis;}}{\info{\author harbor}
{\operator harbor}{\creatim\yr2017\mo12\dy22\hr15\min42}{\revtim\yr2017\mo12\dy22\hr15\min47}{\version2}{\edmins0}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords256}{\nofchars1462}{\*\company harbor}{\nofcharsws1795}{\vern113}}
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphhotz425\hyphcaps0\formshade\viewkind4\viewscale235\viewzk2 \fet0{\*\ftnsep \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\adjustright \f16\lang1031\kerning1 {\kerning0 \chftnsep }{
\par }}\sectd \sbknone\linex0\headery709\footery709\colsx709\sectunlocked1\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7
\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \nowidctlpar
\tx0\tx959\tx1918\tx2877\tx3836\tx4795\tx5754\tx6713\tx7672\tx8631\hyphpar0\adjustright \f16\lang1031\kerning1 {\f2\fs20 Program Name: Sudoku.exe}{
\par }{\f2\fs20 This program solves all sudoku-puzzles in a very short time (less then 1 second).}{
\par 
\par }{\f2\fs20 You have to insert numbers from a sudoku puzzle to the board.}{
\par }{\f2\fs20 If you want to delete a number press the space-button on the keyboard.}{
\par }{\f2\fs20 When you had insert all values from the sudoku puzzle press the "Solve" menu button.}{
\par 
\par }{\f2\fs20 The calculation was made by multiple calculations in rows, columns and carrees.}{
\par }{\f2\fs20 If there was not a complete result for the whole field, then the calculation }{
\par }{\f2\fs20 was done by brute force mechanismen of precalculated result values.}{
\par 
\par }{\f2\fs20 You can also save a sudoku puzzle (input values) to an XML-File and open a saved puzzle.}{
\par }{\f2\fs20 
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\adjustright {\b\fs28 The MIT LICENSE
\par }{
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\tx0\tx959\tx1918\tx2877\tx3836\tx4795\tx5754\tx6713\tx7672\tx8631\hyphpar0\adjustright {\f2\fs20  }{
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\adjustright {\f2\fs20  }{Copyright 2017 Hartmut Borkenhagen (harborsiem)
\par 
\par Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation
 files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is f
urnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:
\par 
\par The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
\par 
\par THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS 
OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION 
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\tx0\tx959\tx1918\tx2877\tx3836\tx4795\tx5754\tx6713\tx7672\tx8631\hyphpar0\adjustright {
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\adjustright {\f1\fs20 
\par Contact: harbor<at>herzovision.de}{
\par 
\par }}